README.md, before:

# Hi 👋 I'm Alex

<p>Aspiring web developer and designer with a background in WordPress, bringing three years of hands-on experience in crafting visually engaging websites. Driven by a passion for web development and design, I am enthusiastic about advancing my technical skills and collaborating on creative projects.</p>


## Skills:
<div>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" alt="next.js" width="40" height="40" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/wordpress/wordpress-original.svg" alt="wordpress" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" alt="wordpress" width="40" height="40"/>

<br>
<details><summary>more</summary>
- React Testing Library<br>
- Jest<br>
- Git
</div>


## neue fische: capstone project - "AimHigh App":

Check out the demo for my capstone project: [AimHigh](https://github.com/AliaksandraNovikava/AimHigh)

## coursera: Meta - "Principles of UX/UI Design":

Final project assessment, created in Figma: [Reserve a table feature](https://www.figma.com/file/EogPxFZ9UZQHZTL6efOMp1/reserve-a-table-feature?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design)

Commit message:

add link to the prototype in Figma

README.md, after:

# Hi 👋 I'm Alex

<p>Aspiring web developer and designer with a background in WordPress, bringing three years of hands-on experience in crafting visually engaging websites. Driven by a passion for web development and design, I am enthusiastic about advancing my technical skills and collaborating on creative projects.</p>


## Skills:
<div>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" alt="next.js" width="40" height="40" />
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/wordpress/wordpress-original.svg" alt="wordpress" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" alt="wordpress" width="40" height="40"/>

<br>
<details><summary>more</summary>
- React Testing Library<br>
- Jest<br>
- Git
</div>


## neue fische: capstone project - "AimHigh App":

Check out the demo for my capstone project: [AimHigh](https://github.com/AliaksandraNovikava/AimHigh)
Check out the prototype in Figma: [AimHigh App Prototype](https://www.figma.com/file/TyNlG3VcZEBYxo1MBJQZCb/AimHigh-App?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design)

## coursera: Meta - "Principles of UX/UI Design":

Final project assessment, created in Figma: [Reserve a table feature](https://www.figma.com/file/EogPxFZ9UZQHZTL6efOMp1/reserve-a-table-feature?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design)
